Text: 
So much easier said than done. But today I’m asking myself for grace. And calm. And peace. I want to ENJOY my work. And then I want to ENJOY my life. At the end of this day, my work will not be finished. I will not be “all caught up.” I don’t think “all caught up” will exist for me anymore. But it IS important to understand when work is done for the day. It IS important to stop using the “busy” language.  YOU create the environment you exist in. You create it with your words and with your actions. With how much work you take on, and the price tag you place on your time. So my project now is to be mindful of creating that serenity I so crave in my life. To choose it and embody it and be it, for myself and those around me.
 Emotion: love
 Optimism rate: 0.631501907068
 Poem: 
both amorousness that it have 
is any time devoted devotion 
important who ardor linguistic beneficed benevolence 
is amatory 

serenity go warmheartedness again beneficence 
love life project tag benevolently chest 
study apple peace time grace peace amative 

warmhearted day end think order 
rag puppy benevolent beneficent come 
far mode calm loyalty worship language guy today 

against caught day like air monetary 
as price beneficially benefic lovingness 
disposition language value her done much biography project 


Text: 
So much easier said than done. But today I’m asking myself for grace. And calm. And peace. I want to ENJOY my work. And then I want to ENJOY my life. At the end of this day, my work will not be finished. I will not be “all caught up.” I don’t think “all caught up” will exist for me anymore. But it IS important to understand when work is done for the day. It IS important to stop using the “busy” language.  YOU create the environment you exist in. You create it with your words and with your actions. With how much work you take on, and the price tag you place on your time. So my project now is to be mindful of creating that serenity I so crave in my life. To choose it and embody it and be it, for myself and those around me.
 Emotion: sadness
 Optimism rate: 0.352726076897
 Poem: 
any page important i oppressive 
end had state themselves calm 
open dingy despondent downheartedness woe mournfully 
environment process 

your contrite life time day 
through same cheerless important lyric work 
whom language with composure serenity caught mother 

term done extremity mode plaintively 
peace liveliness case day project 
oppressively end will crucial dysphoria when price mindful 

mindful from grieve language air grief 
scroll forlorn ruefully mournful grace 
think order deplorably depression sorrowful woebegone value depress 


Text: 
So much easier said than done. But today I’m asking myself for grace. And calm. And peace. I want to ENJOY my work. And then I want to ENJOY my life. At the end of this day, my work will not be finished. I will not be “all caught up.” I don’t think “all caught up” will exist for me anymore. But it IS important to understand when work is done for the day. It IS important to stop using the “busy” language.  YOU create the environment you exist in. You create it with your words and with your actions. With how much work you take on, and the price tag you place on your time. So my project now is to be mindful of creating that serenity I so crave in my life. To choose it and embody it and be it, for myself and those around me.
 Emotion: compassion
 Optimism rate: 0.42018713167
 Poem: 
tenderness theirs air time much work commiserate 
doing done go merciful commiseration mercifulness situation repose 
who tenderly forgive study affectionate sentence 
out excusable price tender value present once 

her think unit mercifully language project serenity forgiveness today 
term mindful day lyric deliberation be calm 
terminology caught grace for tag project appreciation me 
day embody environment train prison day life undertaking 
