Text: 
When someone leaves you, apart from missing them, apart from the fact that the whole little world you've created together collapses, and that everything you see or do reminds you of them, the worst is the thought that they tried you out and, in the end, the whole sum of parts adds up to you got stamped REJECT by the one you love. How can you not be left with the personal confidence of a passed over British Rail sandwich?
 Emotion: anxiety
 Optimism rate: 0.409519173065
 Poem: 
no assets assets concern , first t 
can idea out that said drunk . 
my idea s that short drunk : 
little once thought teen t out thought . 
he do little be drunk t thought 
nor idea solicitous t . 
it solicitously t that t 
nor idea that idea . 
it concern teen s nor teen s : 
teen little , little said that s . 
Text: 
When someone leaves you, apart from missing them, apart from the fact that the whole little world you've created together collapses, and that everything you see or do reminds you of them, the worst is the thought that they tried you out and, in the end, the whole sum of parts adds up to you got stamped REJECT by the one you love. How can you not be left with the personal confidence of a passed over British Rail sandwich?
 Emotion: self-pride
 Optimism rate: 0.598015384714
 Poem: 
the assets assets bottle , same guy 
MD anything at a thought whole . 
their entire assets a short bit : 
other once goal at car at end . 
they do not VB object way fact 
nor organism solid page . 
they little extremity the think 
nor information an person . 
they union from assets and from assets : 
so worldly , first had no assets . 
Text: 
Lately everyone has been wondering "Is Jenelle and Gary going to get back together?!". NO! He is living his life and I'm living mine. We are both happy with our lives the way they are at the moment, I know for me at least I'm EXTREMELY happy. Gary might of been tweeting things because he might of been jealous in a way that I was dating Courtland but he agrees to stop today. 
 Emotion: sadness
 Optimism rate: 0.358810737658
 Poem: 
the NNS NNS excavation , blue train 
MD joylessness at a heavyhearted life . 
their downtrodden NNS a key time : 
jealous here boy at grief at woe . 
they do not VB repent mine guy 
nor heavyheartedness doleful weight . 
they deplorably present the link 
nor american an dingy . 
they manner from NNS and from NNS : 
so gloomily , blue had no NNS . 
Text: 
Overnight we had a light dusting of snow, and basically the whole city has shut down since. And I don't blame them. I almost died trying to get a couple pictures of the "snow" out on my front driveway this morning. Treacherours conditions, indeed. But no seriously. Be careful this morning, fellow Texans! That ice is slick!
 Emotion: sadness
 Optimism rate: 0.440049251347
 Poem: 
the NNS NNS plaintiveness , light grief 
MD penitent at a bed rink . 
their despondent NNS a same face : 
doleful back front at guy at page . 
they do not VB driveway snow dog 
nor heavyheartedness next weight . 
they sorrowfully crystal the road 
nor precipitation an guilt . 
they absurd from NNS and from NNS : 
so mournfully , whole had no NNS . 
Text: 
So much easier said than done. But today I’m asking myself for grace. And calm. And peace. I want to ENJOY my work. And then I want to ENJOY my life. At the end of this day, my work will not be finished. I will not be “all caught up.” I don’t think “all caught up” will exist for me anymore. But it IS important to understand when work is done for the day. It IS important to stop using the “busy” language.  YOU create the environment you exist in. You create it with your words and with your actions. With how much work you take on, and the price tag you place on your time. So my project now is to be mindful of creating that serenity I so crave in my life. To choose it and embody it and be it, for myself and those around me.
 Emotion: love
 Optimism rate: 0.512446005966
 Poem: 
the people people sentence , slow chest 
MD area at a did time . 
their loyalty people a good peace : 
mindful know come at guy at train . 
they do not be father start speech 
nor deliberation old mode . 
they benevolently state the page 
nor terminology an grace . 
they value from people and from people : 
so even , lyric had no people . 
Text: 
with the holiday craziness yesterday, and having to work, i didn't get to finish posting all of my thankfulness pictures. so you might see them pop up over the next few days.this morning i am thankful for the adult men in my life. my dad and mr p. i am fortunate to have both of them in my life to encourage me, support me, take care of me, and love the kids with all of their hearts.
 Emotion: affection
 Optimism rate: 0.656319805017
 Poem: 
the hearts kids insanity , next life 
can thankfulness at a VBD work . 
their adjacent men a same head : 
future know world at man at god . 
they do not be caution link art 
nor protectiveness last girl . 
they protectively woman the get 
nor documentation an guy . 
they valet from hearts and from men : 
so folly , open had no kids . 
Text: 
with the holiday craziness yesterday, and having to work, i didn't get to finish posting all of my thankfulness pictures. so you might see them pop up over the next few days.this morning i am thankful for the adult men in my life. my dad and mr p. i am fortunate to have both of them in my life to encourage me, support me, take care of me, and love the kids with all of their hearts.
 Emotion: affection
 Optimism rate: 0.597953385394
 Poem: 
the hearts men gratefulness , same care 
can vacation at a VBD force . 
their holiday kids a next life : 
grateful know world at girl at get . 
they do not be sentence head find 
nor documentation first link . 
they protectively mr the work 
nor protectiveness an spot . 
they leisure from hearts and from kids : 
so folly , open had no men . 
Text: 
Lately everyone has been wondering "Is Jenelle and Gary going to get back together?!". NO! He is living his life and I'm living mine. We are both happy with our lives the way they are at the moment, I know for me at least I'm EXTREMELY happy. Gary might of been tweeting things because he might of been jealous in a way that I was dating Courtland but he agrees to stop today. 
 Emotion: compassion
 Optimism rate: 0.462684376263
 Poem: 
the NNS NNS mercifulness , key girl 
MD consequence at a VBD point . 
their property NNS a key way : 
jealous here god at fine at boy . 
they do not VB today mine guy 
nor commiseration tired time . 
they mercifully father the man 
nor animation an tender . 
they problem from NNS and from NNS : 
so tenderly , happy had no NNS . 
Text: 
Lately everyone has been wondering "Is Jenelle and Gary going to get back together?!". NO! He is living his life and I'm living mine. We are both happy with our lives the way they are at the moment, I know for me at least I'm EXTREMELY happy. Gary might of been tweeting things because he might of been jealous in a way that I was dating Courtland but he agrees to stop today. 
 Emotion: positive-hope
 Optimism rate: 0.499968655184
 Poem: 
the NNS NNS excavation , key fine 
MD liveliness at a bucked girl . 
their hopefulness NNS a happy guy : 
tired here life at boy at train . 
they do not VB woman way cool 
nor optimism jealous glad . 
they encouragingly point the god 
nor encouragement an present . 
they sanguine from NNS and from NNS : 
so hopefully , hopeful had no NNS . 
Text: 
Lately everyone has been wondering "Is Jenelle and Gary going to get back together?!". NO! He is living his life and I'm living mine. We are both happy with our lives the way they are at the moment, I know for me at least I'm EXTREMELY happy. Gary might of been tweeting things because he might of been jealous in a way that I was dating Courtland but he agrees to stop today. 
 Emotion: apathy
 Optimism rate: 0.406202704838
 Poem: 
the NNS NNS emotionless , key mine 
MD property at a VBD room . 
their consequence NNS a jealous god : 
tired here link at life at way . 
they do not VB moment girl time 
nor emotionlessness happy boy . 
they languorously present the point 
nor emotionlessness an cool . 
they mother from NNS and from NNS : 
so ahead , covetous had no NNS . 
Text: 
I wake up my mom and broke the news to her and let me tell you she was PISSED, lol. I got yelled at the whole way back 6 hours home. Then half way home to court, my lawyer calls and tell me "Well they closed court early at 1pm and they said they are charging you with a FTA and $1000 secure bond." I'm like "Are you kidding me?!!!!!! Ill get to court before 4pm when it's REALLY over with." And he just told me that I had to hand myself in, bond out, then they will drop my charges." I have no idea why in the world they did that to me to make myself end up in the media again for the wrong reasons.
 Emotion: humility
 Optimism rate: 0.316965952906
 Poem: 
the media media bond , first plate 
MD idea at a hooked bail . 
their improper media a wrong girl : 
active know news at page at way . 
they do not be manner tell house 
nor adhesiveness key mind . 
they assembly attachment the court 
nor information an bottle . 
they secure from media and from media : 
so assembly , give had no media . 
Text: 
Lately everyone has been wondering "Is Jenelle and Gary going to get back together?!". NO! He is living his life and I'm living mine. We are both happy with our lives the way they are at the moment, I know for me at least I'm EXTREMELY happy. Gary might of been tweeting things because he might of been jealous in a way that I was dating Courtland but he agrees to stop today. 
 Emotion: positive-hope
 Optimism rate: 0.526354483401
 Poem: 
the animations boys room , key man 
MD liveliness at a timed point . 
their hopefulness ways a tired ass : 
happy here girl at link at hope . 
they do not sentence god way boy 
nor excavation hopeful chest . 
they encouragingly glad the mine 
nor optimism an today . 
they present from doors and from theres : 
so hopefully , key had no wayss . 
Text: 
Overnight we had a light dusting of snow, and basically the whole city has shut down since. And I don't blame them. I almost died trying to get a couple pictures of the "snow" out on my front driveway this morning. Treacherours conditions, indeed. But no seriously. Be careful this morning, fellow Texans! That ice is slick!
 Emotion: security
 Optimism rate: 0.611750050627
 Poem: 
the acidities roads car , first fall 
MD confidence at a guyed tab . 
their copulate dayss a whole match : 
careful back road at faint at join . 
they do not better lot day ice 
nor precipitation good ground . 
they lighten precipitate the rink 
nor municipality an hale . 
they bookmark from males and from firsts : 
so lighten , russian had no rinks . 
