Text: 
Lately everyone has been wondering "Is Jenelle and Gary going to get back together?!". NO! He is living his life and I'm living mine. We are both happy with our lives the way they are at the moment, I know for me at least I'm EXTREMELY happy. Gary might of been tweeting things because he might of been jealous in a way that I was dating Courtland but he agrees to stop today. 
 Emotion: love
 Optimism rate: 0.661638281279
 Poem: 
covetous mine beneficence happy property 
life today felicitous way jealous 
do here biography life devotion amative 
devoted lovingness 

beneficent love beneficially benevolent present 
mine point today amatory warmheartedness moment 
worship benefic warmhearted direction happy loyalty beneficed 

being moment room father benevolence 
liveliness puppy consequence amorousness while 
benevolently glad animation link woman man manner he 

life sentence ardor excavation our there 
the than here jealous way 
not and train where nor cool tired girl 

Text: 
Lately everyone has been wondering "Is Jenelle and Gary going to get back together?!". NO! He is living his life and I'm living mine. We are both happy with our lives the way they are at the moment, I know for me at least I'm EXTREMELY happy. Gary might of been tweeting things because he might of been jealous in a way that I was dating Courtland but he agrees to stop today. 
 Emotion: positive-hope
 Optimism rate: 0.535945314703
 Poem: 
there bucked the happy hopefulness over an liveliness 
that optimistic own today up mine encourage 
he hopefully moment jealous sanguine 
mine hopeful felicitous jealous sanguinity 


Text: 
Lately everyone has been wondering "Is Jenelle and Gary going to get back together?!". NO! He is living his life and I'm living mine. We are both happy with our lives the way they are at the moment, I know for me at least I'm EXTREMELY happy. Gary might of been tweeting things because he might of been jealous in a way that I was dating Courtland but he agrees to stop today. 
 Emotion: affection
 Optimism rate: 0.60135916091
 Poem: 
do protectively protectiveness what point way spot 
me should here animation an attachment soft 
way girl here girl god while had happy 
that train now regard he life not 
