Text: 
I wake up my mom and broke the news to her and let me tell you she was PISSED, lol. I got yelled at the whole way back 6 hours home. Then half way home to court, my lawyer calls and tell me "Well they closed court early at 1pm and they said they are charging you with a FTA and $1000 secure bond." I'm like "Are you kidding me?!!!!!! Ill get to court before 4pm when it's REALLY over with." And he just told me that I had to hand myself in, bond out, then they will drop my charges." I have no idea why in the world they did that to me to make myself end up in the media again for the wrong reasons.
 Emotion: humility
 Optimism rate: 0.387146112939
 Poem: 
that media world meekness metier wrong program 
mind lawyer from half unharmed content court 
most newsworthiness is hale whole direction bond 
wrong worldly news into tell before attraction medium 
incorrect have assembly way home whole girl 
nor court chemical secure on 
at here idea news broke 
time news same earth page 
train way for plate residence with in any 
like under again solid where close home dwelling 


Text: 
I wake up my mom and broke the news to her and let me tell you she was PISSED, lol. I got yelled at the whole way back 6 hours home. Then half way home to court, my lawyer calls and tell me "Well they closed court early at 1pm and they said they are charging you with a FTA and $1000 secure bond." I'm like "Are you kidding me?!!!!!! Ill get to court before 4pm when it's REALLY over with." And he just told me that I had to hand myself in, bond out, then they will drop my charges." I have no idea why in the world they did that to me to make myself end up in the media again for the wrong reasons.
 

Emotion: anxiety
 Optimism rate: 0.492395209399
 Poem: 
from half discomfiture 
insecurity assembly media home above world 
off no distressfully attraction brood whole 

solicitous hotel does scruple impatient 
distressing because court impatience home 
court world secure such 


Text: 
I wake up my mom and broke the news to her and let me tell you she was PISSED, lol. I got yelled at the whole way back 6 hours home. Then half way home to court, my lawyer calls and tell me "Well they closed court early at 1pm and they said they are charging you with a FTA and $1000 secure bond." I'm like "Are you kidding me?!!!!!! Ill get to court before 4pm when it's REALLY over with." And he just told me that I had to hand myself in, bond out, then they will drop my charges." I have no idea why in the world they did that to me to make myself end up in the media again for the wrong reasons.
 
Emotion: liking
 Optimism rate: 0.602551870708
 Poem: 
that news half admirable kindheartedness 
amiss worship whole few active 
kindhearted world broke unharmed universe home 
softhearted media 

sympathy like family fondness favorably 
approve tell hero approval why identify 
weakness most sympathetically compatibility yourselves favorable own 

lawyer bottle them theme tell 
capture amicability estimate house amicably 
brotherly court will admiration secure favor appearance brotherhood 

out manner court way other bewitching 
base program again amicable world 
content bond incorrect guy metier wrong compatible room 


Text: 
I wake up my mom and broke the news to her and let me tell you she was PISSED, lol. I got yelled at the whole way back 6 hours home. Then half way home to court, my lawyer calls and tell me "Well they closed court early at 1pm and they said they are charging you with a FTA and $1000 secure bond." I'm like "Are you kidding me?!!!!!! Ill get to court before 4pm when it's REALLY over with." And he just told me that I had to hand myself in, bond out, then they will drop my charges." I have no idea why in the world they did that to me to make myself end up in the media again for the wrong reasons.
 Emotion: humility
 Optimism rate: 0.443504473059
 Poem: 
unharmed broke residence meekness bond half way 
thing earth through itself guy news world hale 
they worldly whole home out attachment 
all solid tell secure whole idea faulty 

wrong mind shackle then lawyer court room culture media 
world chemical attraction incorrect lawyer theme below 
specific train bottle other way wrong home object 
plate that property which appearance get motor bail 
