Text: 
When someone leaves you, apart from missing them, apart from the fact that the whole little world you've created together collapses, and that everything you see or do reminds you of them, the worst is the thought that they tried you out and, in the end, the whole sum of parts adds up to you got stamped REJECT by the one you love. How can you not be left with the personal confidence of a passed over British Rail sandwich?
 Emotion: despair
 Optimism rate: 0.344872855392
 Poem: 
that am but doing so this train 
confidence does other train , does train : 
faith it will fiddling know to hopelessness 
their personal am but confidence : 
will hopelessness other am so this train 
that dispiritedly train faith that confidence . 
but hopelessness them am , them yourselves do confidence 
but hopelessness am to this just faith assets . 
train , such this confidence , worldly , such that am : 
hopelessness assets but yourselves have were their train : 
hopelessness this am assets so that confidence : 
their hopelessness does so this confidence : 
their confidence does faith cynical yourselves 
cynical to train that am know . 
be hopelessness faith train : be am so train am 
Text: 
Lately everyone has been wondering "Is Jenelle and Gary going to get back together?!". NO! He is living his life and I'm living mine. We are both happy with our lives the way they are at the moment, I know for me at least I'm EXTREMELY happy. Gary might of been tweeting things because he might of been jealous in a way that I was dating Courtland but he agrees to stop today. 
 Emotion: positive-hope
 Optimism rate: 0.503704102914
 Poem: 
the today and being of all room 
excavation VBZ key life , is man : 
for it will being again to mine 
her covetous guy and girl : 
will biography happy time on that way 
a encouragingly fine up the point . 
and father it glad , we NNS are cool 
and liveliness god to the not of NNS . 
hope , key the link , then , hopeful the train : 
boy NNS and NNS have had their guy : 
present the way NNS from the time : 
our property is in the girl : 
our encourage is in tired NNS 
jealous to life the moment again . 
VB hopefulness for chinese : VB god for room fine 
Text: 
So much easier said than done. But today I’m asking myself for grace. And calm. And peace. I want to ENJOY my work. And then I want to ENJOY my life. At the end of this day, my work will not be finished. I will not be “all caught up.” I don’t think “all caught up” will exist for me anymore. But it IS important to understand when work is done for the day. It IS important to stop using the “busy” language.  YOU create the environment you exist in. You create it with your words and with your actions. With how much work you take on, and the price tag you place on your time. So my project now is to be mindful of creating that serenity I so crave in my life. To choose it and embody it and be it, for myself and those around me.
 Emotion: love
 Optimism rate: 0.527410504591
 Poem: 
the value and being of all come 
environment is fourth god , is caught : 
for it will going again to guy 
her important end and think : 
will biography same peace on this work 
a benevolently page if the done . 
and city it time , we people are price 
and apartment speech to the back of people . 
rag , old the life , then , mean the calm : 
night people and people have had their bus : 
today the age people from the grace : 
our composure is in the case : 
our acronym is in close people 
mindful to girl the tag again . 
be liveliness for term : be state for day train 
Text: 
with the holiday craziness yesterday, and having to work, i didn't get to finish posting all of my thankfulness pictures. so you might see them pop up over the next few days.this morning i am thankful for the adult men in my life. my dad and mr p. i am fortunate to have both of them in my life to encourage me, support me, take care of me, and love the kids with all of their hearts.
 Emotion: compassion
 Optimism rate: 0.428219388181
 Poem: 
the person and posting of all whist 
confirmation VBZ next cum , is work : 
for it will being again to link 
her fortunate man and get : 
will animation same head on the cell 
a mercifully god go the life . 
and support it heart , we men are dad 
and yesterday world to the know of kids . 
guy , last the care , then , first the breath : 
find hearts and hearts have had their girl : 
option the child kids from the day : 
our serviceman is in the force : 
our adjacent is in thankful men 
future to drink the sign again . 
be holiday for change : be art for tab woman 
Text: 
I wake up my mom and broke the news to her and let me tell you she was PISSED, lol. I got yelled at the whole way back 6 hours home. Then half way home to court, my lawyer calls and tell me "Well they closed court early at 1pm and they said they are charging you with a FTA and $1000 secure bond." I'm like "Are you kidding me?!!!!!! Ill get to court before 4pm when it's REALLY over with." And he just told me that I had to hand myself in, bond out, then they will drop my charges." I have no idea why in the world they did that to me to make myself end up in the media again for the wrong reasons.
 Emotion: hate
 Optimism rate: 0.552496121012
 Poem: 
the object and feeling of all court 
information VBZ give way , is time : 
for it will dwelling again to house 
her specific brain and get : 
will malevolence key home on half bond 
a resentfully news like the let . 
and shackle it hale , we media are base 
and improper guy to the know of media . 
class , wrong the earth , then , first the tell : 
sulk media and misopedia have had their whole : 
envy the train media from the room : 
our direction is in the bit : 
our entire is in same misopedia 
active to broke the girl again . 
be medium for page : be web for world heart 
Text: 
I wake up my mom and broke the news to her and let me tell you she was PISSED, lol. I got yelled at the whole way back 6 hours home. Then half way home to court, my lawyer calls and tell me "Well they closed court early at 1pm and they said they are charging you with a FTA and $1000 secure bond." I'm like "Are you kidding me?!!!!!! Ill get to court before 4pm when it's REALLY over with." And he just told me that I had to hand myself in, bond out, then they will drop my charges." I have no idea why in the world they did that to me to make myself end up in the media again for the wrong reasons.
 Emotion: humility
 Optimism rate: 0.447359906424
 Poem: 
the motor and dwelling of all news 
newsworthiness VBZ new brain , is girl : 
for it will dwelling again to way 
her chemical house and time : 
will information same court on this home 
a assembly secure out the bit . 
and object it mind , we media are bond 
and alliance earth to the back of media . 
world , key the heart , then , next the whole : 
train media and media have had their room : 
city the get media from the broke : 
our populace is in the theme : 
our incorrect is in first media 
active to tell the plate again . 
be universe for guy : be thing for bail build 
Text: 
I wake up my mom and broke the news to her and let me tell you she was PISSED, lol. I got yelled at the whole way back 6 hours home. Then half way home to court, my lawyer calls and tell me "Well they closed court early at 1pm and they said they are charging you with a FTA and $1000 secure bond." I'm like "Are you kidding me?!!!!!! Ill get to court before 4pm when it's REALLY over with." And he just told me that I had to hand myself in, bond out, then they will drop my charges." I have no idea why in the world they did that to me to make myself end up in the media again for the wrong reasons.
 Emotion: love
 Optimism rate: 0.652999502974
 Poem: 
the object and dwelling of all bond 
amorousness VBZ wrong tell , is home : 
for it will dwelling again to heart 
her amative way and guy : 
will benevolence new browse on half build 
a benevolently girl like the plate . 
and woman it whole , we media are train 
and improper news to the back of media . 
brain , give the get , then , same the thing : 
mind media and media have had their world : 
culture the see media from the web : 
our loyalty is in the bit : 
our estimate is in close media 
active to broke the page again . 
be universe for let : be room for court earth 
Text: 
Lately everyone has been wondering "Is Jenelle and Gary going to get back together?!". NO! He is living his life and I'm living mine. We are both happy with our lives the way they are at the moment, I know for me at least I'm EXTREMELY happy. Gary might of been tweeting things because he might of been jealous in a way that I was dating Courtland but he agrees to stop today. 
 Emotion: sadness
 Optimism rate: 0.31394380223
 Poem: 
the sentence and glooming of all mine 
biography VBZ blue woe , is life : 
for it will being again to guilt 
her sorrowful grieve and gloom : 
will downheartedness key guy on that fine 
a deplorably boy like the way . 
and mother it crow , we NNS are girl 
and attrition weight to the not of NNS . 
train , tired the god , then , grievous the room : 
cool NNS and NNS have had their glum : 
woman the glad NNS from the grief : 
our compunction is in the time : 
our oppression is in key NNS 
jealous to link the point again . 
VB misery for man : VB hapless for dolor today 
Text: 
Lately everyone has been wondering "Is Jenelle and Gary going to get back together?!". NO! He is living his life and I'm living mine. We are both happy with our lives the way they are at the moment, I know for me at least I'm EXTREMELY happy. Gary might of been tweeting things because he might of been jealous in a way that I was dating Courtland but he agrees to stop today. 
 Emotion: apathy
 Optimism rate: 0.402662241699
 Poem: 
the moment and linking of all ass 
emotionless mines key point , is boy : 
for it will guying again to glad 
her covetous time and train : 
will biography key chest on that cool 
a languorously room like the god . 
and mother it man , we chests are mine 
and property guy to the here of they . 
door , tired the girl , then , happy the life : 
link girls and doors have had their way : 
problem the fine ways from the point : 
our liveliness is in the room : 
our consequence is in jealous heres 
jealous to mine the way again . 
exploit chinese for cool : guy time for structure today 
Text: 
Overnight we had a light dusting of snow, and basically the whole city has shut down since. And I don't blame them. I almost died trying to get a couple pictures of the "snow" out on my front driveway this morning. Treacherours conditions, indeed. But no seriously. Be careful this morning, fellow Texans! That ice is slick!
 Emotion: sadness
 Optimism rate: 0.320609861316
 Poem: 
the concept and ring of all hale 
plaintiveness times light snow , is bomb : 
for it will cleaning again to gloom 
her oppressive car and train : 
will downheartedness male lot on DT guy 
a sorrowfully lie up the join . 
and hapless it tab , we glooms are mate 
and misery ice to the back of dayss . 
day , few the fall , then , clean the faint : 
weight tabs and days have had their coke : 
dingy the slick wholes from the man : 
our oppression is in the ground : 
our cheerlessness is in whole goods 
herbal to side the bit again . 
desolate girl for chap : front guilt for place way 
Text: 
Overnight we had a light dusting of snow, and basically the whole city has shut down since. And I don't blame them. I almost died trying to get a couple pictures of the "snow" out on my front driveway this morning. Treacherours conditions, indeed. But no seriously. Be careful this morning, fellow Texans! That ice is slick!
 Emotion: security
 Optimism rate: 0.620756716816
 Poem: 
the city and ring of all faint 
precipitate dawns light lot , is man : 
for it will timing again to ice 
her horrendous ground and match : 
will acidity whole tab on DT rink 
a lighten confidence up the join . 
and slickness it mate , we ways are snow 
and caviar chap to the back of tabs . 
day , next the guy , then , first the time : 
frost girls and fews have had their bit : 
alight the girl roads from the hale : 
our copulate is in the page : 
our appearance is in clean rinks 
fellow to dawn the car again . 
companion slick for face : place train for coke lie 
