Text: 
When someone leaves you, apart from missing them, apart from the fact that the whole little world you've created together collapses, and that everything you see or do reminds you of them, the worst is the thought that they tried you out and, in the end, the whole sum of parts adds up to you got stamped REJECT by the one you love. How can you not be left with the personal confidence of a passed over British Rail sandwich?
 Emotion: self-pride
 Optimism rate: 0.611018000632
 Poem: 
but city but end am 
the thinking personal : 
the am assets amour end 
doing but doing the : 
little ourselves he opinion 
personal assets had once . 
the such city faith our end 
thinking little ourselves 
ourselves city of 
opinion ego end : 
they assets am to the city 
opinion does said end . 
Text: 
When someone leaves you, apart from missing them, apart from the fact that the whole little world you've created together collapses, and that everything you see or do reminds you of them, the worst is the thought that they tried you out and, in the end, the whole sum of parts adds up to you got stamped REJECT by the one you love. How can you not be left with the personal confidence of a passed over British Rail sandwich?
 Emotion: compassion
 Optimism rate: 0.475084548101
 Poem: 
nor bookmark nor fact fact 
a thinking personal : 
a idea assets his bookmark 
thinking and thinking all : 
solid assets he fact 
solid assets said again . 
a same idea in his bookmark 
thinking excusable assets 
assets affectionate faith 
affectionate of fact : 
he assets fact to the bookmark 
idea has said bookmark . 
Text: 
I wake up my mom and broke the news to her and let me tell you she was PISSED, lol. I got yelled at the whole way back 6 hours home. Then half way home to court, my lawyer calls and tell me "Well they closed court early at 1pm and they said they are charging you with a FTA and $1000 secure bond." I'm like "Are you kidding me?!!!!!! Ill get to court before 4pm when it's REALLY over with." And he just told me that I had to hand myself in, bond out, then they will drop my charges." I have no idea why in the world they did that to me to make myself end up in the media again for the wrong reasons.
 Emotion: love
 Optimism rate: 0.669030430447
 Poem: 
nor manner nor way train 
a dwelling benefic : 
a program media his news 
dwelling and dwelling all : 
active media he whole 
other media hooked again . 
a same theme in his world 
dwelling professional media 
media motor out 
amorousness of home : 
he media tell to the plate 
loyalty has got bit . 
Text: 
Lately everyone has been wondering "Is Jenelle and Gary going to get back together?!". NO! He is living his life and I'm living mine. We are both happy with our lives the way they are at the moment, I know for me at least I'm EXTREMELY happy. Gary might of been tweeting things because he might of been jealous in a way that I was dating Courtland but he agrees to stop today. 
 Emotion: sadness
 Optimism rate: 0.3468580505
 Poem: 
nor forlorn nor boy mine 
a depressing tired : 
a depress NNS his glum 
depressing and glooming all : 
jealous NNS he cool 
grievous NNS heavyhearted again . 
a key crow in his way 
being felicitous NNS 
NNS dolefulness like 
plaintiveness of train : 
he NNS glad to the grieve 
downtrodden has heavyhearted grief . 
Text: 
Overnight we had a light dusting of snow, and basically the whole city has shut down since. And I don't blame them. I almost died trying to get a couple pictures of the "snow" out on my front driveway this morning. Treacherours conditions, indeed. But no seriously. Be careful this morning, fellow Texans! That ice is slick!
 Emotion: calmness
 Optimism rate: 0.585709490839
 Poem: 
nor morning nor hale front 
a frosting peaceable : 
a absurd NNS his ice 
frosting and frosting all : 
easy NNS he bit 
fellow NNS bed again . 
a next peace in his coke 
frosting abstemious NNS 
NNS tranquillity like 
placidity of guy : 
he NNS faint to the place 
easiness has unharmed whole . 
Text: 
with the holiday craziness yesterday, and having to work, i didn't get to finish posting all of my thankfulness pictures. so you might see them pop up over the next few days.this morning i am thankful for the adult men in my life. my dad and mr p. i am fortunate to have both of them in my life to encourage me, support me, take care of me, and love the kids with all of their hearts.
 Emotion: self-pride
 Optimism rate: 0.546931716067
 Poem: 
nor adult nor girl heart 
a following future : 
a father kids his cell 
following and being all : 
thankful hearts he change 
grateful men VBD again . 
a next dad in his art 
posting fortunate men 
hearts accompaniment go 
constipation of guy : 
he kids life to the work 
thankfulness has VBD man . 
Text: 
Lately everyone has been wondering "Is Jenelle and Gary going to get back together?!". NO! He is living his life and I'm living mine. We are both happy with our lives the way they are at the moment, I know for me at least I'm EXTREMELY happy. Gary might of been tweeting things because he might of been jealous in a way that I was dating Courtland but he agrees to stop today. 
 Emotion: positive-hope
 Optimism rate: 0.534263120906
 Poem: 
nor chinese nor hope point 
a encouraging key : 
a father NNS his way 
being and being all : 
hopeful NNS he life 
jealous NNS bucked again . 
a happy god in his guy 
encouraging tired NNS 
NNS excavation like 
optimism of glad : 
he NNS girl to the mine 
encourage has bucked boy . 
Text: 
I wake up my mom and broke the news to her and let me tell you she was PISSED, lol. I got yelled at the whole way back 6 hours home. Then half way home to court, my lawyer calls and tell me "Well they closed court early at 1pm and they said they are charging you with a FTA and $1000 secure bond." I'm like "Are you kidding me?!!!!!! Ill get to court before 4pm when it's REALLY over with." And he just told me that I had to hand myself in, bond out, then they will drop my charges." I have no idea why in the world they did that to me to make myself end up in the media again for the wrong reasons.
 Emotion: affection
 Optimism rate: 0.647929431377
 Poem: 
nor secure nor train way 
a dwelling specific : 
a amiss media his girl 
dwelling and dwelling all : 
solid media he time 
active media got again . 
a same spot in his theme 
dwelling professional media 
media faulty out 
information of build : 
he media court to the broke 
family has hooked web . 
Text: 
I wake up my mom and broke the news to her and let me tell you she was PISSED, lol. I got yelled at the whole way back 6 hours home. Then half way home to court, my lawyer calls and tell me "Well they closed court early at 1pm and they said they are charging you with a FTA and $1000 secure bond." I'm like "Are you kidding me?!!!!!! Ill get to court before 4pm when it's REALLY over with." And he just told me that I had to hand myself in, bond out, then they will drop my charges." I have no idea why in the world they did that to me to make myself end up in the media again for the wrong reasons.
 Emotion: humility
 Optimism rate: 0.455228661882
 Poem: 
nor body nor whole bond 
a guaranteeing give : 
a concept wholes his state 
bottling and shackling all : 
solid halves he see 
common chests made again . 
a new let in his plate 
distinguishing other bits 
residences build on 
newsworthiness of theme : 
he worlds hale to the treat 
universe has wronged end . 
Text: 
Overnight we had a light dusting of snow, and basically the whole city has shut down since. And I don't blame them. I almost died trying to get a couple pictures of the "snow" out on my front driveway this morning. Treacherours conditions, indeed. But no seriously. Be careful this morning, fellow Texans! That ice is slick!
 Emotion: calmness
 Optimism rate: 0.560081722177
 Poem: 
nor dusting nor lie side 
a copulating next : 
a smoothness rinks his guy 
covering and ring all : 
herbal colds he cool 
polish dayss iced again . 
a light tab in his ice 
precipitating first goods 
appearances man up 
placidity of day : 
he cars car to the cold 
appearance has calmed place . 
